Edits to pages in file systems section as part of site review (#195)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/data-import/pinot-file-system/import-from-hdfs.md

By default Pinot loads all the plugins, so you can just drop this plugin there. Also, if you specify `-Dplugins.include`, you need to put all the plugins you want to use, e.g. `pinot-json`, `pinot-avro` , `pinot-kafka-2.0...`
{% endhint %}

HDFS implementation provides the following options:

> * `hadoop.conf.path` : Absolute path of the directory containing hadoop XML configuration files, such as **hdfs-site.xml, core-site.xml** .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hadoop.conf.path`: Absolute path of the directory containing Hadoop XML configuration files, such as **hdfs-site.xml, core-site.xml** .
```

* `hadoop.write.checksum` : create checksum while pushing an object. Default is `false`
* `hadoop.kerberos.principle`
* `hadoop.kerberos.keytab`

Each of these properties should be prefixed by `pinot.[node].storage.factory.class.hdfs.` where `node` is either `controller` or `server` depending on the config

> The `kerberos` configs should be used only if your Hadoop installation is secured with Kerberos. Refer to the [Hadoop Kerberos guide ](https://docs.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/5-8-x/topics/cdh\_sg\_kerberos\_prin\_keytab\_deploy.html#topic\_3\_4) for information on how to generate Kerberos security identification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `kerberos` configs should be used only if your Hadoop installation is secured with Kerberos. For information on how to generate Kerberos security identification, see [Hadoop Kerberos guide](https://docs.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/5-8-x/topics/cdh\_sg\_kerberos\_prin\_keytab\_deploy.html#topic\_3\_4).
```

Reviewer: this link returns a 404, maybe a more generic, see Hadoop Kerberos documentation?

## Push HDFS segment to Pinot Controller

> To push HDFS segment files to Pinot controller, send the HDFS path of your newly created segment files to the Pinot Controller and let it download the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To push HDFS segment files to Pinot controller, send the HDFS path of your newly created segment files to the Pinot controller. The controller will download the files.
```
